
About the synthesis and linelists:

This directory contains subdirectories with MOOG 'synth' driver parameter 
files and the linelists they rely on.  You will need to copy your model 
atmosphere file into the current directory (and rename it 'model') and copy 
your ascii (wavelength, flux) spectrum into the current directory (and rename 
it 'spect').  From there, it should be just plug-and-play within the
'synth_heavy' directory.

I created these files for my analysis of HD 222925, which has many, many 
features in its spectrum, so its likely to cover most of the lines we would 
need as part of the RPA analysis.

The parameter files are segmented into 10-Angstrom chunks.  Not all pieces
of the spectrum have a parameter file at this time, because there was no need
to create them for the analysis of HD 222925.  There should be complete 
coverage from 3330-4600 Angstroms or so, though, so only the redder parts
of the spectrum may have spotty coverage.  

Each parameter file contains variable abundances for the relevant n-capture 
species.  Occasionally a blending feature may be enhanced across the board.
If you alter the 'NATOMS' section of the model atmosphere (last few lines; 
see example) so that the model abundance defaults to something close to the 
mean abundance for each species, you will rarely need to change the abundance 
offsets in the parameter files.  

If I didn't examine a particular species in a particular wavelength chunk in 
HD 222925, I didn't alter it in the paramter files, but you can of course 
update as needed.  Some species whose abundances are varied in a particular 
synthesis may have lines that blend (e.g., Ce II and Nd II and Sm II overlap 
quite often).  Use common sense about how to approach these.  It's part of the 
reason we don't just automate and produce abundances with the touch of a 
button.

The parameter files also default to scattering turned on and other standard 
settings.  The 12C/13C ratios all default here to 5, so this may need to be 
adjusted for less evolved stars.  The isotope ratios for n-capture elements all
default to the r-process ratios from Sneden, Cowan, & Gallino (2008, ARAA),
so you'll need to adjust these if you're analyzing a star with substantial
s-process contributions.  Parameters like the smoothing may also need to be
adjusted.

I created the linelists with my own version of Chris Sneden's 'linemake' code.
My version mainly differs from Chris' in that I sometimes add sets of NIST
loggf values for lighter species (e.g., Na I).  I *think* the outputs should
be the same for the n-capture elements, but, as always, check a particular 
line if it is critical.  

A warning about my linelists: a bug in my lists caused two versions of Co I
line components to be inserted by 'linemake.'  This has been fixed going
forward, but it was not possible to manually edit all of the linelists that
I had already made and in some cases tuned individually.  So, know that most
Co I lines will have too many components, so they will yield abundances that
are low by a factor of approximately 2.  (Why approximately 2?  Because the
total loggf values differ by a few hundredths of a dex between the Kurucz and
Lawler patterns; if they were identical, then the abundances would be low
by exactly 2.  Otherwise, the line component patterns appear to be effectively
identical with only small (< 0.002 A) wavelength zeropoint shifts.)  If you
need to derive an abundance from a Co I line, or if it blends your feature
of interest, and both Lawler and Kurucz provided HFS components, go into the 
line list and delete the Kurucz components by hand.

I have manually adjusted the loggf values for some blending features in the
linelists, marked with 'adj' in columns 71-80 and the original loggf value.
I have tried to use these last 10 columns to provide other useful information
about the provenance of the loggf values and/or HFS/IS.  See Chris' notes
in the 'linemake' documentation for full references.  Many of these are also
given in Table 2 of the RPA paper on HD 222925.

I'm donating these to the RPA for our analysis.  Feel free to use, or not.

IUR, July 2018

